Customer Obsession
    
Meeting Customer's need firstly!

Tutorial,  questionare after class, made video, made more plots.

walk through the example step by step one black board. (Recursion)



Ownership

We dont need to be told to do something, we jump to do it. Because we 
believe that we are part of it.

Do for the team,  code for downloading the dna data, code for dynamic community detection

Notion of leetcode solution, ask all of teammenbers to revise the code to make it most

easy to understand


Invent and Simplify

wright a python code for girlfriend to keep track of the lowest price.

Do for the team,  code for downloading the dna data, code for dynamic community detection 

Ownership 和 Invent and Simplify 最重要的就是不要被动听指令，而是要主动地去解决问题

Notion of leetcode solution, ask all of teammenbers to revise the code to make it most

easy to understand

accept to be misunderstood by a long periods of time



Are Right, A Lot

Firstly, listen to others as much as possible, get more ideas from different perspectives.

GNN. Professor thinks its lacking of enough theoretical support






Learn and Be Curious

Because the customer and the technology are changing all the time, so we need to learn and be updated
all the time

1. Telsa 
Bought the put option, i thought there was no big difference between 
Tesla and Audi, Benz, so it should't have that high value.

Should never done with learning,   Dive Deep. 

learn from mistake


Hire and Develop the Best

invest on the future.



Insist on the Highest Standards

(Leaders focus on the key inputs for their 
business and deliver them with the right 
quality and in a timely fashion. Despite 
setbacks, they rise to the occasion and 
never settle.)

We should also say about how we should focus on the input

Leaders ensure that 
defects do not get sent down the line and 
that problems are fixed so they stay fixed.


Mindset

Dnn solver.  Dimension brocast, so after that, each line of the sentence,

I wrigh down the dimension information, so that others can know what they are dealing 

with.

发现问题，主动提出，即便不是你的工作

discuss with professor that some of the question is too hard, and which part should be put
more attention



Think Big


Learning Java and frontend and backend knowledge. Also, I'm reviewing some knowledge

like behavior economics.


替顾客想到还没发生但是可能发生的问题。  

例如，dna的项目， 因为老师是一个随性的人，所以，在和他聊过几次之后，我就顺着他的思路，
即便他没有要求，但是我也把不同的setting下的结果跑出来。并且把不同的代码都写出来，让团队
的其它人都能看懂

包括dynamic community detection 的项目也是，把结果写成了一个包。



Bias for Action

立刻马上行动，但是不能牺牲质量，可以接受一定的失误，这就要求需要一定的 are right a lot.

例子， 找工作，，刷题， 6点起床，刷到9点， 讨论论文到11点， 吃饭休息一小时，然后刷题到2点
，然后写论文到5点，然后晚上刷题到12点。




Frugality

time limited,  spend time on those thing that are usefull.

looking for jobs and do research. not conflict.

DNa project computation, limited by the gpu, so 
invent the divide conquer technique to split the data into several part.




Earn Trust


Have Backbone; Disagree and Commit

From chaso to agreement. Disagreement is a way to make progress of the entire team.
Once we reach an agreement, we commit it!
Bring solidarity to the whole team






Deliver Results

Teaching,  what's input and output?  simply the scores they get, however, it's not enough.

do they show more interest on what they learn from the class is much more important.

Focus on inputs

Help us identify what we should focus on.

From the data to output that satisfy customers






Strive to be Earth’s Best Employer











Success and Scale Bring Broad Responsibility